okay hey there so I'm making this video
today it's another ps3 video and another
kind of how-to video specifically
talking about what happens if your ps3
has a corrupt save file or a save file
that won't delete itself off your system
or say if you have any other sort of
corrupt data on your ps3 whatsoever that
won't remove itself or say you get it
you've got a picture file movie file
anything
they won't remove itself or the hard
drive is corrupt I'm going to show you
kind of an easy way to fix this
it won't I mean if your hard drive is
like fried then it probably won't fix it
but otherwise try this so I'm going to
go ahead and show you what to do okay so
first things first turn your ps3 off
make sure it is completely off if you
still have a red light don't worry about
it that's just you know that means it's
off so it's okay alright I want you to
take you know your finger for the fat
users you know you just press on it and
hold for the slim users like me what you
do is you press and hold you're going to
hold it for three beeps so you're going
to hear one and then you're going to
hear two
you should there you go
and then we're going to do that again so
here goes the one and then when you hear
that the two consecutive beeps it'll
turn off and then you then that well
before see how it went it turned off
okay that's what you're going to need to
do you're going to have to let it it'll
turn off and then you just press it
again and hold and then you should get
the two consecutive beeps when you get
the two consecutive beeps you should
reach this many wait and you're going to
need a USB cord plugged into your ps3
controller go ahead and turn it on I'm
going to go and turn off the flash on my
phone now okay so here we've got a list
of options this is the ps3s recovery
menu this is what you use say if
something happens to your ps3 and you
want to get it back to normal this is
what you would use okay so you have
restart system restored default settings
restore filesystem rebuild database
restore ps3 system and system update
restore ps3 system is a complete and
full format it'll completely wipe
everything rebuild database would just
you know rebuild the data that you have
on your ps3 such as save data you will
lose a lot of stuff restore filesystem
is what you're going to want to do
because that restores the it'll get rid
of the corrupt files so go ahead and hit
X and it should do this are you sure you
want to restore filesystem then go to
yes and it'll prepare it and it
shouldn't take very long and then it's
going to turn on again
okay so you may see a screen like this
if you're using an HDMI just go ahead
and click yes or turn on your ps3
controller and then you can click yes
then it's going to ask you hey can you
see this and when you go yes and then it
should say the disks the hard disk is
the file system is corrupt and needs to
be restored just go ahead and click OK
it shouldn't take very long it'll do its
thing depending on how much it might
have been corrupted but it shouldn't
take for very long so let's go ahead and
wait a little bit here wait and watch
the bar fill up and it'll go
progressively faster as time passes okay
come on come on come on come on hurry up
come on you can do it usually doesn't
take this long I probably because I just
did it a few minutes ago because my
power went out so that's kind of like
how to fix it say make sure that you
know everything on there is still intact
if your power goes out while you're in
the middle of saving something or
someone Yanks the cord out and you get a
corrupt file this is basically how you
fix it okay so as you can see it's
speeding up a lot more now and it should
go to 100% and then it's going to go
ahead and restart itself again and you
should be free home free so um if you
found this video of any good use comment
on it if you need any more help you can
message me don't leave me comments
because those are harder to respond to
just message me and other than that
enjoy your ps3 and that's it bye bye